mta/instructions.md, before:

# MTA

Completes the Mage Training Arena minigame in OSRS.

## Requirements

### Software

- 32-Bit RuneLite
- Simba
- WaspLib v13.6.5 or newer
- SRL-T v1.3.3 or newer

### OSRS

Please check the [osrs.wiki](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Mage_Training_Arena) page for requirements to specific room.

The creature graveyard script banks with rings of dueling and returns to the minigame using Ring of the elements.

## General instructions:

1. Save the following [map](https://i.imgur.com/yRapvnM.png) into Simba/Includes/WaspLib/osr/walker/maps as mta.png
2. Save the runelite.properties file anywhere you'd like and import it into runelite from the profiles tab. Remember to activate the profile by doubleclicking it.
3. Download scripts into Simba/Scripts folder
4. Select the RuneLite window with Simba's target selector
5. The scripts work best with fixed mode enabled and client zoomed far out
6. Make sure you have enough of the required runes in inventory
7. Make sure you have your brightness set to 100 %
8. Run script

## Instructions for specific rooms:

### Creature Graveyard:

- Ring of elements equipped with a lot of charges
- Ring of duelings(8) visible at the top of your bank
- Food visible at the top of your bank, you can configure food in script settings
- Runes at the bottom of your inventory, example bank and inventory layout:
  ![example invy](https://i.imgur.com/yG9VDqf.png)
- Start at Ferox or at MTA

### Alchemist's Playground:

- Similar to the Creature Graveyard script, have all of your runes and other items at the bottom of your inventory
- Start at MTA or in Alchemy room

### Enchanting Chamber:

- Script does level 5 enchant by default, change it in the script if you don't have the magic level for it
- Start at MTA or in the Enchanting room

### Telekinetic Theatre

- Set your client in fixed mode
- Start at MTA or in Telekinetic room

## Thank you to the following people for helping with developing the scripts:

- Torwent
- Slacky
- Flight

Commit message:

autodownload and smaller fixes to enchant room

mta/instructions.md, after:

# MTA

Completes the Mage Training Arena minigame in OSRS.

## Requirements

### Software

- 32-Bit RuneLite
- Simba
- WaspLib v13.6.5 or newer
- SRL-T v1.3.3 or newer

### OSRS

Please check the [osrs.wiki](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Mage_Training_Arena) page for requirements to specific room.

The creature graveyard script banks with rings of dueling and returns to the minigame using Ring of the Elements.

## General instructions:

1. Download scripts into Simba/Scripts folder
2. After running a Script for the first time, it will create MTA folder in your Simba folder and insert MTA.properties in it, please import and activate the file in your RuneLite settings
3. Select the RuneLite window with Simba's target selector
4. The scripts work best with fixed mode enabled and client zoomed far out
5. Make sure you have enough of the required runes in inventory
6. Make sure you have your brightness set to 100 %
7. Run script

## Instructions for specific rooms:

### Creature Graveyard:

- Ring of elements equipped with a lot of charges
- Ring of duelings(8) visible at the top of your bank
- Food visible at the top of your bank, you can configure food in script settings
- Runes at the bottom of your inventory, example bank and inventory layout:
  ![example invy](https://i.imgur.com/yG9VDqf.png)
- Start at Ferox or at MTA

### Alchemist's Playground:

- Similar to the Creature Graveyard script, have all of your runes and other items at the bottom of your inventory
- Start at MTA or in Alchemy room

### Enchanting Chamber:

- Start at MTA or in the Enchanting room

### Telekinetic Theatre

- Set your client in fixed mode
- Start at MTA or in Telekinetic room
